I'm proud to say that my grandfather, who marched in the general strike and the mining strike in 1926, also marched with me in 1985 when we marched back to work.
I'll never forget that day. I was outside Mardie Hall and Mardie Church was next door and the bells were pealing. There were cameras from all over the world.
There were a lot of people there in preparation to walk back up the road to the colliery, united in arms. Obviously there were the miners, everybody else working in Mardie colliery.
Lots of the wives, lots of the children, everybody was united. That is still shown on TV today.
Although my father passed away, because he worked in the colliery as well, my father was 57, 58 when we went back to work.
My father passed away in 1991. There was a programme on the other day and I actually taped it and there was my father.
So that was great, that was. But I can also tell you that when we go back to work, because there'd be no work for a 12 month, there were problems underground and there was no calling for the first 3 to 4 weeks,
my take on pay in March in 1985, my first take on pay was £77 the next week, it was £77 and the following week it was £78.
Because I was a surface worker and of course you earn less money and because there was no coal being produced you didn't earn any bonus.
But having said that, even though when we were doing the bonus, because on the surface we were doing 40% of what a coal face worker, which we likely saw, we were doing like 100%, we were lucky to take home over £110.